fix: wrong initialization in dimenet output block (#7774)
pyg-team/pytorch_geometric: CHANGELOG.md

### Changed

> - Fixed a bug where the DimeNet implementation would return zero after initialization. ([#7774](https://github.com/pyg-team/pytorch_geometric/pull/7774))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed a bug where the `DimeNet` implementation returns zero after initialization ([#7774](https://github.com/pyg-team/pytorch_geometric/pull/7774))
```
